Droid-Ventors
=============

Project Name: The Transporter

Client-Organization
Ashesi University College

Client-Representative
Mr. Daniel Botchway

Problem statement
Overview: A bus application to enable Ashesi Faculty and Staff to be able to use the bus service efficiently by tracking the bus location and time range to the closest bus-stop, tracking th number of available seats in the bus, making reservations and payments via the app.

Existing solution
Currently the Ashesi system operates on a first-come first-serve basis. The bus conductor issues paper tickets to passengers on payment of fares. Since passengers are unable to make reservations, they are at a risk of missing the bus at their pick-up points. The passengers’ only option is to make sure they get to their location few minutes before the designated time for the bus to arrive at that stop.

Stakeholders
    The Drivers
    The COnductor
    Faculty and Staffs
  
Bus-Passenger scenario
Jude who is a regular user of the Ashesi bus system. He is a member of the Ashesi University faculty. He has a very busy schedule ranging from lectures, discussions to his personal activities. He wakes up as early as 4am in order to join the bus at spanner junction. He waits for minutes at spanner junction before the bus comes to pick him up. He prefers to seats in the front seat, but most of the time, the front seats get occupied before the bus gets to him. He is very careless and forgets handy things easily, so he despise the payment ticket which the bus conductor gives to him. Jude wants a system that could conveniently allow him reserve his desire position on the bus and pay, tell him the location of the bus and how close the bus is to his bus-stop.

Bus-Admin/Manager
Marian, is a staff of Ashesi University College, in charge of managing the various processes involved with the Ashesi bus such as booking, ticketing and the payment system. The process of tracking all these processes has been paper-based causing a lot of inconveniences such as the difficulty in tracking revenue generated from the bus. Marian wants a system that would help her effectively manage the whole bus system, generate useful reports, track reservation payments.      

Pay-Off of the new system
* Allows passenger to track bus location and the closest time it will take to get to the nearest bus-stop
* Guarantee Passenger a seat in the bus once booking is made
* Allows an admin to manage the revenue generated by the bus and generate useful reports.



Git Technical-Style-Guide

Link to the wiki: https://github.com/ashesi-SE/Droid-Ventors/wiki/Technical-Style-Guide
